Create connect-to-surrealdb-via-ngrok-tunnel.mdx (#290)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: versioned_docs/version-nightly/how-to/connect-to-surrealdb-via-ngrok-tunnel.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Connect to SurrealDB via Ngrok tunnel

# Connect to SurrealDB via Ngrok tunnel

This guide will walk you through connecting a local SurrealDB instance to the internet using Ngrok, making it accessible remotely. 
[Ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) is a cross-platform application that allows developers to expose their local web servers to the internet. It hosts a local web server on its own sub-domain and makes your local development box available on the internet through Tunneling.

This setup is beneficial for remote development and quick testing of applications built locally on SurrealDB. 

## Prerequisites

This guide assumes the following:

> - You have [SurrealDB installed](https://surrealdb.com/install) and a [fresh instance of SurrealDB running.](/docs/nightly/introduction/start)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have [SurrealDB installed](/docs/nightly/installation/overview) and a [fresh instance of SurrealDB running.](/docs/nightly/introduction/start)
```
